# March 5, 2021

Agenda:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1neU4faTXVA3pz2CMuzIhN-nqrFsPfzO-QhBGdGdbHUU/edit#heading=h.7ol80qbnj9s0

Attendees:

- Thomas Depierre
- Pablo Costas Sánchez
- John Högberg
- José Valim
- Wojtek Mach
- Leandro Ostera
- Todd Resudek
- Maxim Fedorov
- Bryan Paxton

1. **[BP]** setup-erlang:

- Since we moved the setup-elixir to the erlef account, there was some confusion around whether we were going to do the same with setup-erlang or not.
- Needs volunteers to maintain it, he’ll set it up. It would be just responding to issues, etc.
- José proposes to otherwise ping the old maintainers whenever in need of help
- Leandro will help

2. **[Action item]** merge with Documentation WG

- Nothing to say, José will let the member of the WG know of this meeting, docs, etc.

3. **[BP]** Hex Web Auth Flow

- Problems with the password prompt
- Wojtek proposes to open a web page to put your credentials instead of keeping this flow. The auth token would be generated on the website and pushed back to the terminal.
- José asks if there are any reasons to move in this direction? Developing this idea would fix problems such as revealing part of a password when pasting shell output to open an issue in rebar3 
- There was some discussion around why this problem happens, José explained the implementation that causes this issue.
- Could be proposed as a GSoC project for a student to pick
- Three different approaches:
  - Improve the password prompt
  - Move to the website token auth
  - Use two factor auth, could be both used in the web auth and when publishing

4. **[PCS]** GSoC ideas

- Hex Web Auth Flow
- Rebar3 monorepo
- Getting rid of dependencies and cleaning up stuff to get rebar3 closer to be included in Erlang releases
  - Action item [fred]: figure out (with the OTP team) a possible path forwards to rebar3 being closer to inclusion, and gear GSOC on that approach

5. **[TD]** OTP use of Autoconf/Make and possible evolutions:

- Discussion around slides https://slides.com/di4nao/otp-build-systems
- Biggest problem is getting to an agreement with the OTP team about which approach to follow
- Another problem is the portability of the selected system, it has to be ported to many platforms (a total of 15-20 platforms). Important systems are reasonable Linuxes, Windows, MacOS
- Is there CI for all these platforms? Can we make sure we know when something breaks in one?
- Open question: does anybody know how to count the time spent evaluating the build phase of autoconf/make

6. **Misc**:

- Discussion around moving rebar3 into Erlang, or at least getting it into shape
- Ideally rebar3 should support 5-6 version at the same time, although it is really tricky to maintain a project like this because of multiple reasons, such as lagging behind on new features we could otherwise make use of
  - If shipped with OTP itself, there is no longer the need to maintaining multiple versions, since the tool would match the version of OTP
- Action items:
  - List dependencies that needs to be cleaned up
  - Could also move those dependencies into OTP
