# August 03, 2021

Attendees:

* Tristan Sloughter
* Fred Hebert
* José Valim
* Radek Szymczysyn
* Wojtek Mach
* Maxim Fedorov
* Todd Redusek
* Bryan Paxton (2nd half)

Agenda

* Rebar_mix:
    * TS: how does consolidation work in there? The hook in rebar-mix was removed
    * The hook would still be necessary not to consolidate compile-time dependencies
    * Currently doesn’t work; busted by a lot of recent changes by the owner
        * (this currently breaks rebar3’s CI which now has a case checking it)
    * What people look to to add elixir deps in rebar3 projects, but is fully broken
    * Started duplicating code from rebar3 and hex_core to build and compile dependencies and turned complex
        * People on the group would like it to go back to the simpler stuff of prior versions
        * The owner/maintainer prefers the new approach for backwards compat and is busy (student)
            * If the elixir dependency uses a dependency from git, it now works; and that will have to stay
            * But it fetches hex dependencies as well.
        * We considered a hard fork, but Tristan wanted to add Bryan as a maintainer
        * Difficult to handle things without hurting feelings
    * Not sure what needs to happen; the major issue is the protocol consolidation step, but could be easy to fix (might already be a PR for it)
    * 
* Hex_doc release for better support to generate Erlang docs
    * Erl_pp or erl_pretty printer?
        * No good one in stdlib, about 2-3 competing oss options and none is winning fully
        * Erlpp in OTP, outside of it, maybe erlfmt
    * Erl_prettypr might be worth talking to Richard Carlsson for, but the support isn’t necessarily gonna be there in the future, so erl_pp may be the way forwards. Erlfmt is very opinionated and you might not like the way it prints specs (one argument per line in specs)
        * OTP team on vacation until end of august
* Project status update
    * Rebar_hex: v7 incoming, but moving forwards 
    * Rebar3 + relx: release incoming
        * For the record, WhatsApp is switching from rebar3 to in-house build system based on “buck2”, so we are likely to step away and reduce contributions to rebar3 & ecosystem.
            * The DAG will be explicit across files to skip analysis, makes it super fast but asks the user to specify everything
    * Hex_doc covered above
        * What will be the next step? Hex_doc rebar plugin?
            * Yes. [https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc#using-exdoc-with-erlang-projects](https://github.com/elixir-lang/ex_doc#using-exdoc-with-erlang-projects) is the current process, but it would be nice to make it easier to use
            * Might want to download the escript with elixir in it and use that as a plugin
        * Add a post-compile hook and configure the edoc conf.
            * Gotta be careful when including a compile hook when using rebar3 
        * May make sense for mix to invoke rebar3’s bare compiler under the prod profile
