# November 1

Attendees:

- José Valim
- Fred Hebert
- Justin Wood

Agenda:

- AGM information?
- Project updates and free talk?
- How do we deal with low engagement in the WG

Notes:
- Justin is back from a long hiatus for personal IRL things, ready to get back in
  - Quick overview of the last couple of years in a TL:DR;
- AGM slide overview, added a few short notes
- OS packaging still looking for an owner to be handed off from ESL. It's mostly all automated but new builds breaking things require investigation
  - standard stuff (eg. redhat) is always considerably behind
  - they maintain their packages _and_ the registry, but we don't really know the cost of maintaining the registry.
  - do we want to push for asdf and source builds instead?
    - asdf relies on kerl, which is also low on maintainership
- 25.1 breaking EUnit -- fixed in 25.1.1
- Low engagement:
  - things stable?
    - the optimistic view here is that we improved things enough that people feel there are more important things to fix elsewhere. Until things break we have to expect lower participation.
  - fewer people?
  - work moved off the foundation?
  - pandemic effect?
- Maybe construct
  - wanted to use it in Elixir, but the options need to be passed to Elixir and the VM
  - `ERL_AFLAGS` (vm option) + `ERL_COMPILER_OPTIONS` (compiler option) makes everything work across projects, but is a bit painful.
  - Elixir repeats maybe clauses, and had to disable Dialyzer to avoid analysis on these clauses. Switching should generate smaller code, but may also raise new Dialyzer errors that could surprise people.

- Do we still need this working group?
 - reviewing the mission statement and objectives at https://erlef.org/wg/build-and-packaging
 - it may be worth keeping a touch point active for these things but not a super active group.
   - rewrite the charter, have fewer meetings (quarterly?)
- New hex resolver: justin has a project requiring 400g of RAM to deal with it
 - Justin to try the new resolver and let them know how it works
  - got errors immediately

Action items:
- find clarity on the burden of maintainership on the ESL package management stuff
- rework the B&P charter and modus operandi
  - 1 month to do it, hopefully complete by EoY.
