## May 3

Attendees:

- Fred Hebert
- Jos√© Valim
- Maxim Fedorov
- Bryan Paxton
- John Hogberg
- Kenneth Lundin

Agenda:

- ESL wanting to transfer package creation and maintenance to our working group
- vendoring support in Rebar3
- elixir support in rebar3
- publishing/installing apps locally
- CI update

Notes:

- CI update:
  - Little new stuff there; reorgs at WhatsApp so Max has had limited interactions with OTP code in there.
    - Andrew Benett has already joined security WG; for B&P may be interested in getting something
       - already talking to Thomas Depierre about this as well
  - Francesco found a new guy interested to do RPM packaging, tried recovering work done by Robert Newsom back in the day, and looks into using github actions for packages.
  - CI is there, sort of works but there is no work done on the actual CI itself. So far it is spotting flaky tests and skipped tests. No working sync between gitlab and github since this also depends on the OTP team
- ESL wanting to hand-off builds for OS images to the foundation to help cross-org participation
  - We want someone to own this before accepting it; ESL is looking but we're looking as well
  - It could be under another WG.
  - Money isn't necessarily a problem, interest isn't necessarily a problem, but having the people willing to do it with the time and competence is trickier
  - How much of it is automated? Is it mostly plug and play?
    - not completely plug and play; still is somewhat manual (scripted)
    - CI/CD to build, but there's also the hosting question, website links, automated publication
  - also waiting for a description/manifest of everything contained
  - no obligation to maintain batteries-included packages and we should feel free to reduce scope; if they have someone (josef [sp?]) they can join too
- Vendoring support /offline builds
  - plugins can now be hosted locally
  - vendoring provider currently being updated to vendor plugins
  - OTP team sent a PR to turn dep fetching off
  - package managers at the linux levels wanting a flag to turn deps off
  - rebar3 to switch to vendoring itself eventually
- elixir support in rebar3 / mix\_rebar
  - do we consider this that we want to put energy into?
  - lot to do, lot going on.
  - would be good to have solid support, Bryan doesn't have the time
  - do we have a list of issues?
     - the rebar_mix repo has them all
     - we also have an issue in B&P
     - some living in Bryan's head
     - main thing is "it doesn't work"
        - fred thought it did? Bryan has to double check
     - original maintainer sort of vanished after a lot of merges, and started handling fetch deps and going a bit out of scope?
  - offer support to the maintainer, take over otherwise
  - would be cool to install elixir
- publishing/installing apps locally
  - `npm install <cli>` or `pip install <lib>`?
  - you can refer to local dependencies, or a path arguments
  - multiple versions can be installed locally
  - path dependencies in Elixir: deps are always being recompiled
  - might just be a bad idea: people create scripts that rely on local versions, get shared, and can't run them with invisible dependencies.
    - Elixir has 'mix install' - creates a directory with the spec
      - https://github.com/elixir-lang/elixir/blob/91fa0e3adad1654a4fe2c8bd218e9e6d42b92b47/lib/mix/lib/mix.ex#L628-L747
    - Rebar3 policy has been "build a release or escript" and ignore local installs
       - `~/.cache/rebar3/installs/<md5 of config>/` and just put the whole project there
         - just what is the config for this?
	 - just boot right into shell mode?


Action items:
- summarize list of issues for rebar\_mix (Bryan)
  - offering funding for someone to work on it and help with paperwork
