# June 7

Attendees:

- Todd Resudek
- Fred Hebert
- Jos√© Valim

Agenda:

- Security question
- Vendoring support
- Dwindling amount of people in WG

Notes:

- A lot of apps use 12 factor apps and a lot of secrets are stored in environment variables
  - these are available from everywhere to everyone and inherited from child apps
  - get obfuscated env?
  - anybody has access to the secret
  - rather than providing a general mechanism that works everywhere, we could leverage the current config system
    and instead create write-adapters
  - plan for cred rotation
- Vendoring
  - using umbrellas, rebar3 structure is about to change
    - not a problem, they use pre-built artifacts
- Dwindling amount of people in WG
  - is there a group to merge to?
  - is probably fine.
  - unless there's people working on specific problem
  - Is the WG not useful to for people? A bunch of people became dads
  - Maybe we can switch the time.
  - things have been considerably stable
  - build stuff may start to be security related? May benefit from getting closer.
    - company registries for hex? namespaces?

Action items:
- see if a better schedule would be good for these meetings
