# February 7

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there.

Attendees:

- Fred Hebert (just opening the day)
- Radek Szymczyszyn
- John Högberg
- Thomas Depierre
- Maxim Fedorov
- Adam Lindberg
- Bryan Paxton
- Diego Albrado

Agenda:

Those are the topics that were dicsussed

- Gradualizer/Gradient
- Rustler Yielding
- Flag/options parsing in OTP
- ESL package support

Notes:

- Gradualizer/Gradient
  - The interplay of union types and intersection types (multi-clause specs) led to surprises, particularly around the emptiness (and non-emptiness of lists) which creates overlapping specs (there is no "empty list of type X" in Erlang).
    - PR at https://github.com/josefs/Gradualizer/pull/514
  - Dialyzer works around the problem by picking success types ("all clauses") to avoid asking people to change code. This isn't an option with Gradualizer/Gradient since we want to provide better results than Dialyzer
    - the tool is opt-in and therefore this is seen as acceptable by maintainers
  - The “type language” is the “term language” plus shorthand for sets-of-possible-terms. The documentation leaves no room for interpretation, unfortunately. We [OTP] want to redesign this to have a type language that can actually describe types and not just sets of possible values
    - no draft or sketch of it exists as of yet
- Rustler Yielding
  - see https://github.com/rusterlium/rustler/pull/232, basically, Rustler does not handle and provide help right now to make yielding NIFs.
  - Not sure this fits into B&P, but needs awareness
  - this is also challenging in C, and needs EEP-54 exceptions support
  - may be a job for language interop, but that group seems dead
- Flag/options parsing in OTP
  - Bringing rebar3 into OTP would come with an argparse version that's not license-compatible; OTP team agreed it'd be nice to have a lib to support argument parsing
  - could merge Maxim's https://github.com/max-au/argparse into OTP
  - State of the art today is Rust's clap (https://docs.rs/clap/latest/clap/)
  - Max needs to come up with updated/good docs, and needs a few extra actual users reporting bugs
  - Late for OTP-26 RC, but OTP team says it shouldn't be a blocker
  - Property testing could help, but not too sure how to write them.
    - Lifting tests from other language libs could make sense
  - A draft PR could be coming soon
- ESL package support
  - Diego Albrado introducing himself as the new maintainer
  - currently working on building and publishing new packages
  - details at https://github.com/esl/packages

Action Items:
- Follow-up with board with state of language interop group
- Max to get some things in place around argparse vs. OTP integration

