# July 4

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there.

Attendees:

- Benedikt Reinartz
- Bryan Paxton
- Derek Kraan
- Fred Hebert
- Justin Wood
- Peer Stritzinger
- Robert Virding
- Thomas Depierre
- Tristan Sloughter

Agenda:

- Sovereign Tech Fund
- `rebar3_hex` ssl validation
- Records usage in the elixir community
- Status on inclusion of rebar3 in OTP
- Folding interop into this group
- Structs in erlang
- `rebar_mix` take two

Notes:

- Sovereign Tech Fund
  - Fred, Tristan, José, and Peer are working on getting a proposal out right before the deadline. The proposal would ask for funding to help bring Rebar3 closer to an includable state within OTP, and for `rebar_mix` support, over many months.
  - Deadline is July 6, but the proposal is ongoing
- `rebar3_hex` ssl validation
  - the TLS validation was broken in rebar3 in the case of HTTP redirection, and an open issue wasn't being addressed. This blocked people trying to do redirects for packages when setting up hex mirrors.
  - After a quick check during the day, we found out the code was all in place, but we had never removed the option that forced the hostname check from being handled by OTP: https://github.com/erlang/rebar3/pull/2805
- Records usage in the elixir community
  - Do Erlang records have benefits over Elixir structs?
  - ETS is one of the only places where they might be used
  - Blockers brought up include: lack of runtime information (eg type and names), harder to combine and manipulate, limited support
  - More compiler support would be required to make them useful
  - The difference between records and small maps may not be worth it
  - Someone mentioned frames
  - "People just don't talk about records"
  - Records (for reads) _are_ faster due to all access patterns being known at compile time.
    - Performance improvements in structs that move access patterns at compile time would theoretically be possible with protocols, at the cost of some backwards compat
- Status on inclusion of rebar3 in OTP
  - Overlaps with the funding request, which aims to also train new people to help with maintenance
  - a lot of it is dropping deps, some of it is straightforward but breaking (dropping getopt and using the OTP cli options), but some of the weirdest stuff is "how do we develop locking for plugins."
  - Gotta clarify if relx vs. reltool (and adding yet another standard way of building releases) would be a dealbreaker for the OTP team
    - the rebar3 team sort of figures this is a "later" issue
  - Would this be a Rebar4 with similar internals but different interfaces?
    - Yes possibly -- just cleaning up arg parsing and plugin locking likely would force a major version
    - Rewrite from scratch is out of the question however
- Folding interop into this group
  - Consensus seems to be "leave it alone" and don't bother
- Structs in erlang
  - Bryan gave an update here where it seems not to be a thing worth worrying about just yet.
  - Robert may do a full implementation just for fun?
  - Nicer pattern matching support may be necessary to increase adoption?
- `rebar_mix` take two
  - Bryan re-gaining context by looking at issues
  - Transitive dependencies are still a problem, since rebar3 and mix use different ways of resolving them
  - there's a verl PR in flight (https://github.com/erlang/rebar3/pull/2785) that tries to bring in support for version specs Rebar3 doesn't currently support (`~>X.Y or ~>A.B`)
  - Optional deps support isn't fully there but isn't a blocker either

Action Items:

- Follow-up on the sovereign tech fund demand

