# March 7

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there.

Attendees:

- Fred Hebert (just opening the day)
- John Högberg
- Thomas Depierre
- José Valim
- Bryan Paxton
- Maxim Fedorov

Agenda:

Those are the topics that were dicsussed

- argparse status update
- language interop follow-up
- any OTP-26 concerns?

Notes:

- argparse status update
  - No major updates to report, waiting on a few things Kenneth had asked for
  - Max Fedorov to rewrite Dialyzer in it to evaluate the challenges of working on it; some parts are undocumented
    - John mentions that if anything in there is undocumented, it doesn't exist.
- language interop follow-up
  - not done
  - a discussion unfolded on the way to manage WGs and how to avoid the administrative cost the foundation would put on volunteers. Working groups are probably a bit more like "interest" groups that facilitate discussion and coordi
nation of work, rather than leading and owning outright projects, at least for B&P and interop.
- OTP-26 concerns
  - Nothing major: rebar3 had dialyzer integration issues (fixed but not released), Bryan had NIFs issues that were resolved with the help of Raimo


Action Items:
- Update WG calendar invites to state the async meeting is ongoing
- Follow-up with board with state of language interop group
