# October 3

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there.

Attendees:

- Fred Hebert
- Bryan Paxton
- Paulo F. Oliveira
- Wojtek Mach
- Lukas Larsson
- Thomas Depierre

Agenda:

- mac os builds (github experiment)
- the state of rebar3 and verl
- Erlang/OTP doc site and help
- rebar\_mix and stuff

Notes:

- mac os builds (github experiment)
  - Paulo and Bryan have started a repo for MacOS scoped GHA runners
  - There were questions around security measures and the usefulness there, also docker images.
  - Security considerations at https://github.com/jelly-beam/otp-macos/issues/10
    - there isn't much in there we think requires care around building the artifacts; biggest one is about leaking creds in drive-by PRs. Since publication is only for main and based on the tokens, it seems clear in this case.
  - goal is to have all the versions (including release candidates) covered
- the state of rebar3 and verl
  - No progress was had recently, but there is still interest from the maintainers
  - minor work went on through the month to just support the 'or' version operator without fully overhauling version handling otherwise
- Erlang/OTP doc site and help
  - Bryan wondered if anti-patterns might be useful, also what are the docs plans long term.
  - Lukas mention any help for docs is appreciated. No major plans for changes or additions right now.
  - The OTP team does aim at using ExDoc to render it all; whatever default ExDoc does will likely be the look and feel there.
  - We re-confirmed that docs do belong to B&P as a group since the absorption/merger with the Docs WG.
- rebar\_mix and stuff
  - No traction yet, still concerned about whether there's interest.

Action Items:
- None noted

