# August 6

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there.

Attendees:

- Fred Hebert
- Bryan Paxton
- José Valim
- Radek Szymczyszyn
- Barry Moore
- Peer Stritzinger
- Alexandre Zeonon
- Wojtek Mach


Agenda:

- `rebar3_ex_doc` doesn't support builds docs such that shell docs are available
- nix updates
- should `rebar3_ex_doc` continue leveraging the edoc provider?
- Hot code upgrades project funding

Notes:

- `rebar3_ex_doc` doesn't support builds docs such that shell docs are available
  - Apparently a config mishap (chunks are in the docs profile, so a shell in the default profile can't see them) — profiles create path-dependent issues.
  - OTP-27 starts outputting them via the compiler without a rebar3 pass, so upgrading should fix the problem
- nix updates
  - Some issue with 27.0.1 was detected. there had been a rollback and some changes weren't applied.
  - https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/329427 got open for it
- should `rebar3_ex_doc` continue leveraging the edoc provider?
  - This is more of a question thread since Bryan had no time to dig on this. Lukas may know, but wasn't around for this meeting (may be due to Swedish holidays?)
  - the estimate Radek has is that since we support 2 major versions, we can probably drop support in the next 2 major versions; nothing else needs to be done to keep supporting the old ones though
  - Edoc drop not expected before OTP-29
- Hot code upgrades project funding
  - Based on the Dandelion project (described at https://ferd.ca/my-favorite-erlang-container.html), Alexandre Zenon submitted a proposal for EEF funding to make it easier to get more hot upgrade support in the community
  - The B&P WG is the best spot for it
  - Fred to propbably give the most support as the author of Dandelion Project
  - There is a requirement to support Elixir as much as possible
  - Radek mentions it would be good to get `finish_loading/1` instructions in general for type analysis and code upgrades, but this is considered out of scope for this project
  - Alexandre mentions the project is based on a tool developed for his master thesis (https://github.com/Ahzed11/HotCI)
    - Form Factor: first version was a GitHub template; the idea is to turn it to a Github Action (GHA) to make it easier for people to integrate it
    - Focus on Testing: the first version focused on tests, static analysis, hot upgrade tests, release building; testing the hot upgrade is what makes most sense to focus on in the GHA
    - Use normal versions: the first version used _smoothver_, a toy versioning scheme Fred introduced for fun (to demonstrate the safety of an upgrade). This is impractical so it should support whatever versioning users currently have
    - Configuration must be provided for the "global" tests to be run by the GHA
    - Detection should be provided for Erlang vs. Elixir projects since they may run different commands and have different constraints
    - Testing utils should go to Hex to let users import them as deps
  - Fred redirected a lot of configuration needs around using test configuration material and profiles (in Rebar3) or Environments (in Mix)
  - There's some discussion to be had regarding Common Test: it's okay for Erlang folks, but may be an issue for Elixir devs?

