# December 3

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there.

Attendees:

- Fred Hebert
- Bryan Paxton
- Barry Moore
- Adam Lindberg
- Peer Stritzinger
- Justin Wood
- Thomas Depierre
- Radek Szymczyszyn
- Kiko Fernandez-Reyes
- Tristan Sloughter

Agenda:

- Rebar3 kickstarter
- Load certificates from systems keychain on darwin
- Hey human, how are you doing?
- potential usability issue for nix + erlang
- Integration of rebar3/hex/mix with oss-review-toolkit

Notes:

- Rebar3 kickstarter
  - Fred shared the table of steps that he and Peer had planned for the sovereign tech fund subsidy that was denied
  - Fred wouldn't do the work but would be available to review
    -  if we get enough funding Peer commits that they help out as maintainer and not leave all the work on Fred afterwards. This will probably also a requirement by OTP team we anticipate, so they don't get higher maintenance load by the inclusion.
  - a classification of tasks was given in terms of milestones and what they involve
- Load certificates from systems keychain on darwin
  - for awareness: https://github.com/erlang/otp/pull/8844
- Hey human, how are you doing?
  - mostly B&P folks telling about each other
- potential usability issue for nix + erlang
  - When you install pkgs.rebar3, you will get whatever the default version of OTP is bundled with it. So even if you specify another OTP version in your package set, running things through rebar3 will always use the default OTP version
  - A PR was open for it https://github.com/cachix/devenv/pull/1635
- Integration of rebar3/hex/mix with oss-review-toolkit
  - https://github.com/oss-review-toolkit/ort  can be plugged different scanners, evaluators, curate licenses, etc.
  - some chat about the work to do and needing review to be done
  - Kiko owns this so far.
