# February 6

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there.

Attendees:

- Fred Hebert
- Bryan Paxton
- Peer Stritzinger
- Thomas Depierre
- Jos√© Valim

Agenda:

- Have we got any lesson to learn on reaching out to the community based on erlangforums threads?

Notes:

- Have we got any lesson to learn on reaching out to the community based on erlangforums threads?
  - https://erlangforums.com/t/comments-on-merge-request-otp-8026-change-documentation-to-use-exdoc was a long, interesting thread that eventually called out the foundation (and indirectly the working group) on the surprises around the docs work and merger of the information there
  - Group members are not necessarily bothered directly by the criticism raised in the forums; we sort of have to take the whole community into consideration and most of the development already happens in the open, or in openly accessible spaces.
    - Some of the complaints are about users not having been consulted prior to changes; They were, and this was a change years in the making, it was not them specifically, though.
    - EEF WGs are where people and maintainers meet to talk to each other and synchronize the work in the first place. While there is an encouraged need to cater to users, the WGs are there to remove work friction, not to increase it.
  - We may want to at least reach out to the forum about the activities of this group, such as publishing the minutes and broad discussion topics there for more direct outreach.
    - Members present agree, so long as it does not represent an increased burden
      - Fred (who writes the minutes up for the WG) asserts it's not a lot of extra work
    - The EEF section of the forum is for members-only. If we want to open it up, we'd have to check maybe with the board
      - Willing to try posting for logged on people anyway. There's a reasonable amount of work to be done to broadcast the information.
  - Maybe the Marcom (Marketing/Comms) group can also be loud about some of that information

Action Items:

- Fred to try sharing minutes to the forums in a thread that will be updated monthly, plus give room for people to comment or ask questions.
