# January 2 - 7

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there. As the first Tuesday of the month fell on January 2, which is a statutory holiday in many places, we left the meeting "open" for multiple days.

Attendees:

- Fred Hebert
- Bryan Paxton
- Peer Stritzinger
- Yordis Prieto
- Tristan Sloughter
- Thomas Depierre

Agenda:

- The state of grpc in the ecosystem
- Possibly a new WG based on the gRPC needs

Notes:

- The state of grpc in the ecosystem
  - There is a proposal at hand for development of elixir-grpc. This is a pure elixir implementation of grpc. Confusion was raised, if you will, because we have at least two other implementations of grpc in the ecosystem, including the widely used grpcbox.
  - elixir-grpc seems widely used within the elixir community.
  - Tristan wanted a  core in Erlang and to stop having to maintain chatterbox by having an alternative http2 server/client, but nobody has time
  - Standard arguments about Elixir come up for this (they don't have much to gain by switching, they'd expect fewer contributors for an Erlang core too)
    - Confirmed observations by maintainers of other Elixir libs
    - Macros/Rebar3/test frameworks arguments again as well
  - The aim of this conversation is to gather concerns, discuss possibilities of defragmenting, etc.
  - Peer adds: The pros and cons won’t matter much.  It will still be a waste of funding to pay for a unmaintained Elixir implementation when there is a well maintained Erlang one.  As long as EEF has much more funding money it’s unlikely to stipend a duplicate implementation which then again has the risk of being unmaintained
    - The lib is not unmaintained, the maintainer is however too busy to maintain it
    - if it's too much work to maintain, then that may be a stronger argument for merging
    - there is a single grpcbox implementation, Tristan is willing to take some money to maintain it

- Possibly of new WG
  - Based on the thread above and a comment from Yordis, it's quite clear we do no have a working group that protocols, telecommunications, etc fit into. It's an interesting idea to create a working group specifically for this.
  - should we split this into the local libraries and APIs and protocols ones?  Or lump it together?
    - Participants lean toward "lump"
