# September 2

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there.

Attendees:

- Fred Hebert
- Barry Moore
- Dan Janowski
- Peer Stritzinger
- Richard Carlsson
- joaohf

Agenda:

- Funding from Shiguredo, specifically rebar and hex
- Rebar3 kickstarter campaign
- Rebar3 call for more maintainers
- Swift Interop

Notes:

- Funding from Shiguredo, specifically rebar and hex
  - Dan dropped a line indicating that Shiguredo had some money earmarked for Hex and Rebar and wanted to discuss this with the group
  - This is intended to be different from the kickstarter campaign (the kickstarter campaign was not sufficiently detailed for them at this time)
  - Part of the meeting moved to video for higher bandwidth
  - In terms of ideas outside of the kickstarter, we mentioned:
    - Building hex deps in Rebar3 has been a problem for a while
    - Locking of plugins or non-default profiles
    - Windows maintainership has become problematic and questionable
    - The current maintenance level is not sufficient for doing “industry/corporate” requests (eg. SBOM); instead maintainers are focusing on "volunteer issues" worth it for them on a personal level
  - We covered the current administrative layer (Repo is within erlang org, but purely administrated by Fred and Tristan, along with some deps)
  - We covered the overall kickstarter goals
  - The Shiguredo funds so far are to be assumed to go towards Rebar3 maintenance more than Rebar 4 work.
- Rebar3 kickstarter campaign
  - It's live! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/peerstritzinger/rebar3-integrating-with-erlang-otp?ref=project_build
- Swift Interop
  - Efforts were made there, a video was forthcoming, but has not been received yet.
- Rebar3 call for more maintainers
  - Message from Fred is reproduced below this list
  - Barry proposed some assistance, but required guidance, likewise for joaohf;
    - A focus on triaging issues to start might make sense; the prioritized list from the kickstarter represents what Fred thought would be significant
    - Some triaging has started taking place since the meeting
  - We do have some hope that whoever works / supports the kickstarter sticks around.

Call for maintainers message:

> I'm doing a call for maintainers on Rebar3 (and Relx). Tristan has had limited time to contribute for a good while now, and my own contributions have only gotten sparser, while issue reports and calls for optimization keep happening.
> At this point I feel it's a disservice to users not to be more visible on the lack of time/maintainership available, even if I still plan to write patches when convenient for me personally, and be around to help debug stuff.
> However, I've been at it for probably more than 10 years now and haven't really been working with Erlang professionally for 5 years (it's still my hobby language) but that makes me very much a lot slower to find and feel issues, and I do see in the recent tickets that I've been slipping and gradually losing the context on some elements.
> Getting more people to lend a hand and for any sort of knowledge transfer to happen would be good for sustainability and definitely overlaps with the Kickstarter campaign as well.

Action Items:
- Fred should record a video about the kickstarter campaign at some point (Peer has run this whole thing so far)
