# October 7

Note: This is was an asynchronous meeting over the #build-and-packaging channel over in the EEF slack. These meeting notes are backfilled from the threads we've had there.

Attendees:

- Louis Pilfold
- José Valim
- Wojtek Mach
- Benjamin Philip
- Jonatan Männchen

Agenda:

- static linux builds
- OTP build artifacts

Notes:

- static linux builds
  - Yoshie from the Lustre team just shared a static Linux build of Erlang/OTP she has been working on!
  - https://github.com/yoshi-monster/static_erlang/
  - x86 works, arm64 is a work in progress
  - NIFs status?
    - since this is Erlang itself, the Erlang NIFs can be statically linked
    - there might be issues for othere NIFs (eg. musl vs. glibc)
- OTP build artifacts
  - OTP would like to not produce any binaries inside erlang/otp itself.
  - This includes removing the Windows Binaries that are currently produced.
  - OTP (erlang.org) is happy to make a project covering the topic well "official"
  - lots of projects cover _parts_ of it only, and it would be nice to centralize the efforts
  - lots of targets: linux, macos, windows, hardware architectures, libc, build provenance and signatures for multiple platforms, SBOMs, flavors (eg. FIPS), OCI images, etc.
   - static builds require being able to rebuild older versions with newer deps, but dynamic builds require being able to build against multiple versions (eg. OpenSSL 1.1 and 3.x)
   - some signing infra is missing
  - http://github.com/erlang/otp/releases may stop receiving windows builds, but only once an alternative is known

